Create rule S7140: SSLMate secrets should not be disclosed (APPSEC-2230) (#4468)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S7140/secrets/rule.adoc

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/description.adoc[]

== Why is this an issue?

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/rationale.adoc[]

If an attacker gains access to an SSLMate secret, they might be able to gain access to the SSL/TLS certificate of organisations.

=== What is the potential impact?

> SSLMate provide API used by organizations to issue and monitor SSL/TLS certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SSLMate provides APIs used by organizations to issue and monitor SSL/TLS certificates.
```

> These certificate garanty the authenticity of the organization's servers and the confidentiality of the data exchanged with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These certificates guaranty the authenticity of the organization's servers, and the confidentiality of the data exchanged with them.
```

Depending on the permission granted to the API key, an attacker could potentially create, revoke, or modify SSL/TLS certificates of the organization.

Creating certificates would allow attackers to impersonate the organization's servers. This leads to Man-In-The-Middle attacks that would
affect both the confidentiality and integrity of the communications from clients
to that server.

== How to fix it

include::../../../shared_content/secrets/fix/revoke.adoc[]

> Also revoke certificate that were issues since the leak. Doing so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, revoke certificates that were issued since the leak. Doing so
```
